Hello, everyone.
So in the previous part, we have looked up to all the objects which were declared in the class label
and as an extension to this class, we have extended this as deftly as we have to set a frame, layout,
size, location and everything will be attached to the frame.
And the frame is going to be like this with the help of this Java swing to frame import, which we have
already imported.
So this class has extended to name and which is going to implement action business.
So action listeners are going to be attached.
We call them by FinCEN are labels that are embedded in this application.
We can see that we have Marten's, we have radio buttons, we have a check box and everything.
So these are all going to be made functional then to help us to action this many black men station.
OK, so we have already made extension as Geoffrey Man implemented the action business.
So to implement this action list, and then we have to call this override for like this is a function.
Public word action performed is the name of function, which we have thought, declared or liked as
a necessity in order to implement this action last night to our main glass.
So this override is basically overriding one function over bar.
So this is our main function, and to attach actions to it, we have to write our program inside this
action, perform function and that government is going to be watching events perform with these action.
So that is the event, and every event is attached with a function or action.
We can say it entities.
So yes, we have made everything like clear till now.
We have said the size of the frame.
We have said location.
We have said the title OK, so we can set title according to our choices.
Like Do we have an order as our project title?
We can set it anyways.
So suppose I want to set it as food ordering.
System.
To make things like more appropriate.
OK, so I changed that title for our application now to initialize this application, we have to make
our dedicated function inside this enable us as well.
So let me first initialize this in need to make the error vanish.
So if there's going to be a public void function, of course, and inside this unique function, so
you can see that that has vanished now inside this in this function, I am going to initialize like
we have what we have on the desktop, so we have select size or light label on the top.
So firstly, we have no initialization label size and it is going to be a newly delivered jailable is
also a component of the Dallas main library.
So new jailable is going to be the new object and the like text inside.
It is going to be self size, select size of what do we want to order?
And there are three options.
We have discussed it already.
So a juniper that was stuck on mobile, so we have our label to our control box.
Now we have to set the size for this again.
So all we have to like look similar, maybe have to label size, dot search.
So as we have done here, Bon Iver mainly, but so large set size and not set select location is going
to be attached heading similar to it.
So we have successfully set the size for this select size from box and a location.
I like that it is.
It has to be located on the window, which is going to be the application main window.
And similarly, we have added this Albiol size to our testing.
So in order to add everything to our frame, we have to do this.
Every method is going to be added to the frame with the help of this ad keyword.
So if this size thing and now the next step should be like adding inputs to the combo box.
So string inputs are going to be added for sizes so that sizes and three sizes option?
I think so.
These are small.
Medium.
And large as far as I can see that.
So we have to like name all the sizes of shoes inside this drink sizes thing.
And now, after adding names to the sizes in the next step, we have to in a similar way, said size
and set location and then add this thing to the frame.
Also.
So these strings are going to be consistent inside the formal box, like you can see, this is a Jacomo
box component and inside this we are having strings small, medium and large as the sizes of the menu
items.
Now, size large select index is set to zero.
Like the argument, inside the select index is set to zero.
This means that by default, this size is going to be small, so there shouldn't be a default size to
die.
Those that should be open like the this is the opening window of the application and by default it is
showing small in select size combo box.
So this is responsible for that thing only.
So size, not select index or index is zero.
May have three zero one two indexes for small medium unless basically this is asking either we call
it that it is a collection of like events and strings and dangerous numbers, lungs and everything.
So we have string error and it is going to contain zero one until index is smaller than index zero.
So this is set to default as small.
Now this is the size of the combo box location on the combo box.
And as long as we have added this size to the frame, so I have already discussed that this side is
responsible for adding everything to the frame of the application.
Now we have successfully added this select size label in our frame as a next step.
We have to add this select which type of beverage you want to order and after which are like radio button
options.
Label is to be added to our free.
So our next concern should be adding a label which is going to be a label, of course, and this little
jailable is going to contain a string which is asking for select that type of like drink.
You want to order, so type of drink you'll want to order.
And this is going to be a label added to our theme and a colon.
So this is the label and are similar way we have to set aside for this label and location also.
So we have added items on the label.
A size is set for the label and a location is set for the level that where it should be located on the
window.
So head, this is located.
This is one hundred from top and from the left it is seventy five.
This is this size layout.
Also, we have added this to the frame with the help of and given.
Now our next concern should make everything on the radio buttons and we are going to import our in group
object, which we have like declared already globally.
So we have.
Successfully called our B10 group, had we have declared this weekend as a private global variable.
Now our next step should be adding items to the radio buttons.
So like suppose we are adding the radio drink juice and calling it as are the juice, and we are going
to add a new.
Due to the over 10.
To that frame and the string, should they are the desert of Yemen, which is going to display the items
beside the menu button like the button and the name of the item should be displayed side by side.
So we have successfully created our first radio button.
Now set this size for it as well.
So I did use exercise, not said size is going to set enough size and suppose we are sitting in 275.
Chroma 50.
So this is going to be the size of the new abundance in this image, let me have to set the location
and add this radio button to the city.
Now in this military, we have to add many more items to the menu.
So I am copying the same thing three more times in order to relate things one by one.
So the second item is supposed to.
The third one is for the.
And the fourth one is coffee.
So yes, just rename this every bit.
And now they're renaming every like radio button and setting a unique location, a dedicated location
for every day.
But then the size of the radio button is going from the same location.
Should Jane like from top, it is going to be one one thing.
But from left, it is going to shift.
Some, like how many pixels are shifting in support, have hundreds, then 175, then then three twenty
five.
So initially we have this system 700, then 175, then 200 and then 325.
So this is the location of this button is from the frames left.
So.
OK, so now for as far as I can see that we have created the frame items bill has now our next concern
should be to add these Dilbert pens to the frame.
And so our next concern is that only so let us try to add, OK, so we have added all the buttons to
the name with the help of these made in group object and we have declared this retail head.
OK, so we have declared this had also.
Yes.
So this button group is the name of the function in which we are using from the library package three
and we didn't group is the name of the object, so we are adding everything to the frame with the help
of these reading group keyword.
Also, our next label asks for how many glasses of the specific item we want to order.
So in the similar way, we have created a new level here.
We are creating a label for glasses also and asking how many glasses you want to order inside the delivery
bracket in a formal string setting that size for the label and location, for the label from the frame
like top and left the border.
And I think this will be a lot.
So Daphne, also our text box is added.
Our is going to take the input as how many glasses we want to order.
Like this box is responsible for that, and we have also set the size and location for that box also.
So they allow we have covered every page for select size and the type of item we want to order from
the menu as radio buttons and number of glasses.
They want to either ask me, we have color.
Fill this thing now.
In the next breath, we will be covering them back inside, like how to add buttons and how to make
them functional.
And there comes the importance of these action events like we have to attach some actions to those buttons
and then complete like the ordering process, which is the main concern by making this application.
So see you in the next five.